[Part 1]
You will hear a phone conversation between a hotel receptionist and a guest booking accommodation for a conference. First you have some time to look at questions 1 to 10. The guest's surname is spelled Marchetti. The room type requested is a twin room. The stay will begin on the 9th of October. The length of stay requested is 4 nights. The conference rate discount is 15 percent. Breakfast is included after 6 am. The hotel is located on Cathedral Street. A late check-out can be arranged until 2 pm. The guest's company account number ends in 4408. Confirmation will be sent to the guest's email.

[Part 2]
You will hear a talk given to new employees during their orientation at a museum. First you have some time to look at questions 11 to 20. The museum was founded in 1934. New staff must complete 3 days of training. Staff lockers are located near the staff entrance. Uniforms are collected from the personnel office. The museum's busiest day is usually Saturday. Staff receive a discount of 20 percent in the museum shop. New staff should first report to the personnel office to collect their identification badge. Photography by visitors is restricted specifically in the ceramics gallery, due to lighting sensitivity of the exhibits. Staff parking is available at a discounted rate in the adjacent car park. New staff are strongly encouraged to attend the curator's weekly briefing to stay informed about current exhibitions.

[Part 3]
You will hear two students, Leo and Grace, discussing possible dissertation topics. First you have some time to look at questions 21 to 30. The dissertation proposal is due in week 6. The word limit for the full dissertation is 10000 words. Grace plans to interview 15 participants. Leo will attend a research workshop on research methods. Grace's supervisor specialises in social studies. They plan to meet again in two weeks. Leo said he was leaning toward a dissertation on renewable energy policy in developing regions. Grace's main concern was getting access to enough interview participants for her case study. Both agreed that the department's ethics approval process usually takes about one month. Leo decided his next step should be to email a potential supervisor with expertise in energy policy.

[Part 4]
You will hear part of a lecture on the history of currency and trade. First you have some time to look at questions 31 to 40. Early trade relied heavily on a system known as barter exchange. The first metal coins are believed to have been minted in Lydia. Coins allowed traders to avoid the problem of matching coincidence of wants. Paper currency was first widely used in China during the Tang and Song dynasties. European banks began issuing paper banknotes around the seventeenth century. The gold standard tied currency values to a fixed weight of gold. Most major economies abandoned the gold standard by the twentieth century. Digital payment systems have reduced the use of cash in many countries. The lecturer notes central banks now closely monitor digital currencies. The lecture closes by considering the future role of central bank digital currencies.
